the time has come where a new universe
to be revealed
decent universe online step into the DC
universe as it comes to life online and
put the power of legendary superheroes
and villains in the palm of your hand
one of the things we want to do with
DCUO is establish a new angle to the
online genre we want to lead the
developer is going to lead the community
into this new space and bring them an
experience that they don't expect our
goal for DC Universe Online is to allow
the players to feel like they've stepped
into the DC Universe not only just
stepped into the DC Universe but stepped
into the DC Universe through the eyes of
Jim Lee you can look at any of his most
recent works Batman hush Superman for
tomorrow and it's cool it's edgy and
perfect for the demographics for this
game
eyes and ears DC on the game a lot of
people at DC office are very familiar
with the DC Universe but I'm a very big
gamer and so I'm in a unique position at
DC to really look at the game from both
DC Comics person's perspective and also
from a gaming perspective none has gone
through 60 years of continuity and
picked out the very coolest parts of the
DC Universe these are environments that
will concept it out by Carlos band
Oliver know me and Livia Roman deli and
their various buildings and we really
treat each other environments as if
there were characters we want them to
have personality and a presence and we
do that by picking suitable colors also
by making sure every element of an
environment really speaks of that
environment so if we do a street corner
in Gotham City we want players to be in
the game look one direction though
instantly that that's where there are in
the end of the day the environments have
to work towards gameplay and if the
spaces are too large or too confined too
constricted in their space they will
modify it here we actually have concept
about every asset in the game every
character in the game this is the
starting point this creates a dialogue
between the artist and San Diego and the
artists here at Sony and there's a lot
of interplay and fine tweaking that goes
back and forth we end up with some
really cool-looking 3d assets not only
can't create a character fight alongside
you know all these great characters ad
flood since
became immersed in the DC Universe you
can explore these universes and you
could do it on your own time in your own
direction you know it's really another
way to experience and enjoy the DC
Universe
DCUO is really gonna be a breakout
experience for people because of the
physics based gameplay that we have I
mean you're gonna be able to create lots
of objects in the world and be able to
use those as weapons you're gonna be
able to use the environment as weapons
the amount of combinations and unique
moment-to-moment tactics that this game
is going to provide is going to be quite
incredible basically the idea is you'll
start off visit new here or new villain
you customize that person giving them
the powers that you want to have the
appearance you want to have and you'll
do heroic or villainous things the
biggest fantasy a player could have is
to stand alongside the JLA they're in
that lineup right not necessarily to be
just another person playing Superman in
another Superman game but instead to be
the equal of Superman to be respected by
those guys or on the villain side to be
feared enough and respected to
participate in their worldwide crimes
the DC Universe has magic it has aliens
it has high tech it has just regular
guys who trained up so from a gameplay
standpoint there's nothing it doesn't
have right it's a fantasy game plus a
sci-fi game plus a modern shooter game
all rolled into one
DC Universe Online